---  
title: "In Terms of Mora, We Have No Mora"  
date: 2026-02-03T23:51:00+05:30  
draft: false  
tags: ["mihoyo", "gaming", "genshin", "art", "crpg"]  
categories: ["game", "story"]  
keywords: ["genshin", "game", "china", "crpg"]
cover: "/images/genshin.webp"
---  

I am late yet again, but today I come back with a juicy topic: **Art in Video Games**.

I wanna preface this by saying, my view on Art comes from a background of *a variety of different mediums* and so my views may not resonate with *everyone*.

The game we'll use to talk about Art and Art direction in games is going to be **Genshin Impact**.

I've been playing this game for about five years, so I am very biased in saying this, but this game has one of the most beautiful and well executed stories. Some of the newer designs aside, this game has had absolutely gorgeous character designs, this is partly because of the inspiration the game has taken from other popular games released around this time, particularly **The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild**. This game was released originally as a mobile gacha ripoff to that but since then the art of the game has evovled over merely being a BOTW ripoff. The world is *amazing*, most of the stories tie in together well and of course the game's *cel shading* helps make everything look like its out of a *picturesque movie*.

The character designs in the games are usually made by commissioned artists and later in studio artists change the character designs until they come to an agreement on the design.

Art in video games is a very vast topic. I'm not doing it justice by glossing over the countless hours of work that went into *just* the character designs. I have yet to touch on even the environment i.e. set designs. All of this is brought together by one of the best OSTs in all of gaming.

I'll continue talking about this topics for a few more days, tomorrow I'll be talking about set designs in video games.

*Adiós*,

**Tired**  
**Spince ✦**
